Failed to add user to group. (-2147022676 myemail@gmail.com Performance Monitor Users)


MongoDB 4.0.3 2008R2Plus SSL (64 bit) Setup



Run service as local or domain user





Hello there, I am trying to install "MongoDB 4.0.3 2008R2Plus SSL (64 bit) Setup" on my local computer (even without the Mongo Compass tool) selecting the option "Run service as a local or domain user" and using the right details of my own administrator account on my machine, and I keep getting the error "Failed to add user to group. (-2147022676 my_localmachine_administrator_email_account@gmail.com Performance Monitor Users)"

What is the problem here? I made sure to add this user on the Performance Monitor User's group in administrative tools of windows itself, am I doing something wrong? trying to test mongo locally but using my own local account and not as AUTHORITY\NETWORK SERVICE is it possible or not? thank you so much for your time and assistance, all the best, have a good day!




At the moment there isn't any commercial view of the project, I want to try to build something by myself and need time to give it a try. Just building some prototype and need some months. Putting it straightforward, basically the project can be a lot of stuff all together, but I need time, at least I am looking to be developing till the end of December. I can tell you that, what I am tyring to build is something like a trading (buy&sell), I don't to call it an eComm, because the core and final purpose is different and more related with sharing. I can give you more details, but firstly I just want to build, or try to build at least. I have been using Studio 3T for a few months and it have been helping me a lot, would like to continue using it as a free way non-commercial project. Later if I am happy with the service and if it goes commercial, of course I would be interested in buying a license to use it (in case there is a need).
Thank you so much for your product, support and assistance.
Selecting "How big is your team?" as one, but of course in a long run, there might be people joining me, but still there isn't.
All the best.